Digging Your Feet Into The Ground
Farivius
7.5.5014U
https://i.pinimg.com/736x/55/2b/db/552bdb9bd4f1a24e040b463d562d6d85--concept-ships-deserts.jpg

The first official operation of the new company is underway. With all the pilots together in one place, they have realized their resources are lacking.

**TIMECALLER** suggests that the best course of operations is to attempt to claim some resources and contacts from the Reclamation City, essentially the biggest (friendly) force on **FARIVIUS**. Deciding that a force home might be worthwhile considering potential developments or bandit intervention, he splits the roster in half.

**CLAYMORE**, **TAROT**, **RECOIL**, **JESTIE** and **SLICK** are dispatched as the force attempting to negotiate with the city.

# Reclamation City // 7.5.5014U

After entering the city, in attempt to find jobs and information, the team entered the local bar. Through conversation with the bartender, they gained knowledge of the Rust Pirate inhabitation of Reclamation City, to which the team took as an opportunity to prove themselves, and perhaps make a paycheck.

After courting a guard, **TAROT** and **RECOIL** located a Rust Pirate encampment, which had contained one of the notorious leaders - **Fordola**. After some few words, fighting quickly broke out, resulting in each side returning to their mechs, with some casualties to the Rust Pirates.

The squad took the fight with essentially no damage or casualty, scaring Fordola away and taking out all Rust mechs. The people of Reclamation city took this as a sign of heroism, and pledge to help in whatever way they can - except for money, due to the lack of it.

# SHARD Home Base // 7.5.5014U

With the previous group currently locked into battle, **TIMECALLER** calls for **TSUCHINOKO** and **ATLAS** to invade an installation revealed by information gathered during the fighting, in attempt to stop a 'secret weapon' and reinforcements from reaching the area.

After infiltrating the installation, they encountered an AI - designation **SPIRIT**. With the squad, they locked down and captured the installation. The secret weapon was recovered and is now **SPIRIT**'s mech, and the reinforcements were completely stuffed. The installation is free to be used by the company.

# SHARD Home Base // 7.5.5014U

As everyone returns home, **TIMECALLER** puts a few on patrol duty of the base, a bad feeling rousing in his stomach. **THE WALL**, **CLAYMORE**, and **RECOIL** opted in while the others took the time to continue putting things back together.

On the horizon, something can be seen - and heard - moving. Steps of robotic legs, and a bright green glow. It seems someone's back, this time to properly punish those who messed up their operation - and with a much bigger army.

After **FORDOLA** invades the base with a large army, the three manage to fend them off and repel them along with the help of **TAROT**. In the end, the base was unscathed - although not so much the environment around - and damage was minimal. Some parts were also recovered from the disabled mech of **FORDOLA**.

# Alpine Orbital Station // 7.26.5014U

With the Rust off the trail for now, the company is free to explore and expand. The first group of **CLAYMORE**, **RECOIL**, **TAROT**, and **ATLAS** decides its efforts will be exploring the new lands - and one of interest nearby is the **Alpine Orbital Station**. It contains a higher concentration of Rusts, and thusly probably has something interesting or important to them.

Deploying out to either aquire resources or figure out what that something important might be, they delve into the snowy lands which are out of place compared to the iron deserts.

With patrols all around, the group heads through landmine infested fields towards a ski resort. Turns out it was converted to an outpost, where the Rust are creating a new weapon.

After infiltrating, scanning, and getting in a subsequent skirmish afterwards, **Førecast** suffered catastrophic damage. The pilots were however saved, and returned home with the intel.

We will call this weapon **Behemoth**. Expect to see it on the field more.

# Pirate Radio Tower // 7.28.5014U

Venturing through the Iron Desert is tough work, being overly hot. However, the **Pirate Radio Tower** isn't too far. **TSUCHINOKO**, **SPIRIT**, **JESTIE**, and **CLAYMORE** decide to use their efforts to deliver an attack on it - although with a cursory examination first, in case things go awry or it seems unlikely.

However the group goes in is up to their discretion, but it is critical that you escape if things are going downhill. Losing a pilot is not worth the success of the mission.

A very successful infiltration allowed for the capture of **FORDOLA** after a rough extraction. In the process, **CLAYMORE** suffered catastrophic damage and decided to cover the escape with the explosion of her mech.

# ‏Iron Desert // 8.12.5014U

After **TIMECALLER** gained the support of an outside source, we have acquired a connection to get us upgrades, help, and various other resources. **PYRE** will be our median in the project.

**PYRE** has told us about anti-air batteries that reside in the desert, likely under Rust control, as they shoot upon almost anything above. Before we can fully secure support, we have to gain control or destroy the batteries so that we can land ships near our base.

**SPIRIT**, **SLICK**, and **TSUCHINOKO** ended up going out and completely securing the Anti-Air Cannons, removing any Rust presence. This allowed our ships to land and deliver supplies, and also allows us to further use the cannons in later missions.

# Iron Desert // 8.6.5014U

A distress call was detected on our comms, causing **TAROT** and **CLAYMORE** to investigate despite the rough desert conditions. **RECOIL** is deployed along with an APC of supplies in case the distress signal needs.

At the distress signal, an individual by the name of **Linnea** was found and recovered. However, Rusts moved in not too long after, also having detected the signal.

After a perilous battle, the group emerged victorious and escorted **Linnea** back. With nothing else to do, they have decided to join our ranks under the callsign **TAG**. 