Fungal Discoveries
Farivius
8.18.5014U
https://i.imgur.com/l9rh37Z.png

# Reclamation City // 8.18.5014U

As a recreational activity, **PYRE** suggested that a small team would go out and investigate some leads on a weapon rumored to exist. After **CLAYMORE**, **TAROT**, and **TAG** decide to go out, he leads them to **Reclamation City** where they will inquire the locals about the stories and legends about the item.

After some... unfortunate events, the group finds a crashed station which held a room of old and forgotten relics, including a railgun of sorts.

# SHARD ‏Home Base // 8.31.5014U

It's been roughly half a month to a month since the last missions. Now that **SHARD** is a stable company - currently under the tag of a **Mercenary Company** - you're acquiring bigger missions. And bigger missions require bigger resources.

Your overall goal is to explore and acquire supposed early and prototype technology within a place in the **Fungal Sea** - **the Old Data Continent**. However, a ride and swim there in mechs would take forever, not to mention the work to try and transport everything within back, and the fact the **Fungal Sea** is... rather hostile to living people, as someone has found out.

As such, your first goal is to acquire a boat - the best means of which is probably making your own, as the **Rust Pirates** will unlikely relieve any of their bigger boats easily, and you haven't reached a high enough status with **Reclamation City**. 

Thankfully, **TSUCHINOKO** took the liberty of populating the factory you liberated, and with the resources you have, you might be able to construct something rather quickly. Check with them to see if there's anything else you might need.

After consulting with the factory, you understand you can make a boat - however one material was left to acquire, a power source. Thankfully, you could clear out a mine at the connection of the **Alpine Orbital Station** that contains a crystal which works as an accelerating fuel. Though you had to deal with a 'Godzilla-like creature.'

Upon clearing out the location, you can now let the miners go and collect more crystals for your boat.

# ‏Alpine Orbital Station // 9.5.5014U

While your current base is good and gathering resources from the **Alpine** is manageable, **THE WALL** has suggested the possibility of making a forward base. Considering the coverage it would provide you on the land portion of your map, it would be a good idea.

You have the opportunity to put it anywhere, however a key location may be near the mine - there's an exposed part of the crystal cave that might make good for a way into the mine as well as provide power and exist on the edge of **Rust** influence.

After making it to the site, a **Rust** mining operation was swiftly dealt with, leaving us the place and giving us the ability to set up a base there. It will take some time before it's complete however, and it may need defending from time to time.

# ‏Reclamation City // 9.7.5014U

Several people put requests in for materials for their projects, and your ability to acquire them has been a bit limited. However, you have found a seller that would work - though they want a special form of payment other than money.

While their means of why isn't entirely obvious, they're willing to part with some materials on the grounds that you participate in a recreational mech fight within **Reclamation City**. The best guess would be they want to rig bets in their favor, and are willing to part with some things if you end up getting it for them.

There's a high chance they would be willing to part with more or that others would be willing to partner or throw some extra things your way if you give a good show.

After a flashy, crowd-pleasing fight, you manage to best the other team - claiming your reward, some fame, and even some extra friends and items along the way.

# ‏Fungal Sea // 9.11.5014U

Finally, your boat for the **Fungal Sea** is finished. It's being transported to an abandoned dock you claimed some time ago, getting ready for your trip to make it to **the Old Data Continent**. Bring anything you need to the ship, and get settled for the ride.

While you're on the seas, there's a good chance you're going to encounter some other **Rust** ships. In that case, you should be at least a bit prepared for boardings or ship combat, however it shouldn't be anything too involved.

You won't have every person active at once, as that would clutter the ship too much - below the ship you have hangars for all your mechs. You'll pull them up if needed.