# ??? Home Base // 7.5.5014U

The first official operation of the new company is underway. With all the pilots together in one place, they have realized their resources are lacking.

**TIMECALLER** suggests that the best course of operations is to attempt to claim some resources and contacts from the Reclamation City, essentially the biggest (friendly) force on **FARIVIUS**. Deciding that a force home might be worthwhile considering potential developments or bandit intervention, he splits the roster in half.

**CLAYMORE**, **TAROT**, **RECOIL**, **JESTIE** and **SLICK** are dispatched as the force attempting to negotiate with the city.

# Reclamation City // 7.5.5014U

After entering the city, in attempt to find jobs and information, the team entered the local bar. Through conversation with the bartender, they gained knowledge of the Rust Pirate inhabitation of Reclamation City, to which the team took as an opportunity to prove themselves, and perhaps make a paycheck.

After courting a guard, **TAROT** and **RECOIL** located a Rust Pirate encampment, which had contained one of the notorious leaders - **Fordola**. After some few words, quickly fighting broke out, resulting in each side returning to their mech, with some casualties to the Rust Pirates.

Currently locked into battle, **TIMECALLER** calls for **TSUCHINOKO** and **ATLAS** to invade an installation revealed by information gathered during the fighting, in attempt to stop a 'secret weapon' and reinforcements from reaching the area.