# SHARD - ‏Home Base // 8.31.5014U

It's been roughly half a month to a month since the last missions. Now that **SHARD** is a stable company - currently under the tag of a **Mercenary Company** - you're acquiring bigger missions. And bigger missions require bigger resources.

Your overall goal is to explore and acquire supposed early and prototype technology within a place in the **Fungal Sea** - **the Old Data Continent**. However, a ride and swim there in mechs would take forever, not to mention the work to try and transport everything within back, and the fact the **Fungal Sea** is... rather hostile to living people, as someone has found out.

As such, your first goal is to acquire a boat - the best means of which is probably making your own, as the **Rust Pirates** will unlikely relieve any of their bigger boats easily, and you haven't reached a high enough status with **Reclamation City**. 

Thankfully, **TSUCHINOKO** took the liberty of populating the factory you liberated, and with the resources you have, you might be able to construct something rather quickly. Check with them to see if there's anything else you might need.

After consulting with the factory, you understand you can make a boat - however one material was left to acquire, a power source. Thankfully, you could clear out a mine at the connection of the **Alpine Orbital Station** that contains a crystal which works as an accelerating fuel. Though you had to deal with a 'Godzilla-like creature.'

Upon clearing out the location, you can now let the miners go and collect more crystals for your boat.